Magalie Marcellus: Doing
Martin’s iPhone: I'm doing okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Thank you for being on time.
Martin’s iPhone: Oh, that's all right.
Magalie Marcellus: I'm things and for you.
Martin’s iPhone: I'm not too bad.
Magalie Marcellus: Did you work today.
Martin’s iPhone: No work today. I'd work on the car and I kind of have a deal where this week I'm pretty much
Martin’s iPhone: Not having to worry about pay for my rent. So he said, you know, just come when you can. So
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so you
Quietly
Martin’s iPhone: What's up,
Magalie Marcellus: And you say the trees.
Magalie Marcellus: The trees.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah. Oh, working on getting stuff out of the apartment and fixing up the bathroom and they're
Martin’s iPhone: Bringing and I actually stand it down the ceramic sink and put a new coat three coats of
Martin’s iPhone: Tub and Tao paint on it just kind of made a new server and
Martin’s iPhone: Then I got to repair some stuff in the basement and move my bed out and I'm moving on with Michelle's
Martin’s iPhone: Pretty much.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, pretty much done there and just doing some contract work when it comes now so
Mm hmm.
Magalie Marcellus: So right now, you almost done with like fully moving. I'm getting a place with store where you guys stand right now.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, we're we're waiting till she gets her income tax. We're going to get her a vehicle right now she's, she's using my car to go to work and stuff and
Martin’s iPhone: We haven't really been able to afford a truck. So I'm gonna have to run one or hopefully the taxes that come in by the time. Somebody has to rent an apartment so I can move that out. But if not, I'll just run a rental truck or worse comes worse as somebody you know
Martin’s iPhone: If I can use it for
Magalie Marcellus: A long, long are you still doing the transport dropping off and
Martin’s iPhone: You're in there.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, just hearing. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: That's fine now.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, she went in early today she had to. I'm Jessica court where their son tomorrow for son's got his permit and his stepdad decided to let him drive the car to the dollar store and he backed into somebody
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, wow.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, we're I told him.
Magalie Marcellus: To do that.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, I told him not to plead
Martin’s iPhone: Not guilty and not to plead guilty, just to plead no contest. He's never been in trouble so
Magalie Marcellus: I want to say.
Magalie Marcellus: And this so so it wasn't counting like an accident or
Magalie Marcellus: Anything. Great.
Martin’s iPhone: Um, because he didn't have he only had his permit.
Magalie Marcellus: It, they should have been like an adult in the cloud or something of that nature.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah yeah
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: Wasn't I got the service.
Martin’s iPhone: Was no it was one of his days off. I don't know if it happened on a Saturday or whatever yet now.
Can
Martin’s iPhone: He asked him if Tim could take them down to the to the dollar store and timpson or
Martin’s iPhone: And, you know, such as a kid, we kind of always just let
Martin’s iPhone: You know, my family.
Martin’s iPhone: didn't learn that. But a lot of my friends, you know, around here, they just let him do it well.
Magalie Marcellus: They have access to quiet and they just
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, that's good.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, he backed him.
Martin’s iPhone: He underestimated backing up and
Magalie Marcellus: Because we're at that age, you're still learning, you know these things so yeah but
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, I kind of know where some of the damage to my car came from and
Martin’s iPhone: Underneath the
Martin’s iPhone: radiators Dennett and some off so
Martin’s iPhone: I said, Well, how'd that happen. She was, oh, I don't know.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so you know somebody was using the car.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: And they have to be careful that that's the thing that age, they really have to pay attention.
Martin’s iPhone: You know,
Magalie Marcellus: A lot. But it sounds like Ohio. I know you know all seats. They have the strict laws. One, do you have a permit. But he has to be like once it's cool time that you can use the cloud without an actual adult but you know something thing very strict so
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, every states different Ohio started adopting a lot more lust more strict rules, but
Martin’s iPhone: Back when I was a kid, you know, you hardly ever gotten in trouble for stuff like that because the cops kind of look the other way. But when you get in an accident. Nowadays it's
Magalie Marcellus: Especially people on me. I'm the one that is showing some pay for
Martin’s iPhone: The damages. Yeah, and
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah. Somebody has to be liable.
Martin’s iPhone: Well, that's the thing I told brace. That's his name, Bryce. My son's name is Maria and her son's name is
Magalie Marcellus: Really oh
Martin’s iPhone: I see why she embraced you
Martin’s iPhone: Okay. Bye, see ya. Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: He he.
Martin’s iPhone: You know, he's a good kitties and basketball, everything like that.
Martin’s iPhone: I don't know his step Dad's gonna get in trouble. And I just depends on what mood of the judges, you know, she could bring that up and I'm assuming he's going to get some kind of trouble. I don't know, but
Magalie Marcellus: Maybe, you know, send them. So some kind of class with something and be be a little bit vignette. He doesn't have any prior involvement with any issues. So yeah, well that's unfortunate. That's a hard lesson to learn
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah yeah
Martin’s iPhone: Well, he learns it now a couple weeks ago he got a three day suspension. I shouldn't say that he doesn't get in any trouble he got a three day suspension because him and another kid were caught with the pens. They had the
Martin’s iPhone: Nicotine in
Martin’s iPhone: Like, I guess.
Magalie Marcellus: A big no no. Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, we have strict rules on smoking and stuff. So he wasn't allowed to go to five practices in a game.
Martin’s iPhone: And got suspended for three
Martin’s iPhone: Days and he kind of started lied to us at first, and then we got a call from the school and then it all came out so
Magalie Marcellus: Wow.
Martin’s iPhone: That
Magalie Marcellus: That'll be the line he needs somebody back together.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah and if it just looks at that that that's not going to be good for him. But if he tries to
Martin’s iPhone: Lean on God show probably throw the book at him.
Martin’s iPhone: If he pleads guilty, then you know it's kind of like, well, you don't really want to please just to just plead guilty. Guilty plead no contest, hopefully.
Martin’s iPhone: The judge can do
Magalie Marcellus: You're trying something
Martin’s iPhone: I did that when I was his age, but I kind of was a really bad, kid. I, I
Martin’s iPhone: I needed a way home. Well, originally, I looked inside my art teachers car for a cigarette and ended up driving it off and had it for five days and then I gave it to somebody and they wrecked it
Magalie Marcellus: handles that spot which you looking for cigarettes and actually taking the car. What
Martin’s iPhone: I got in. I got in the car and they reached over and got a cigarette acted like I was getting in, you know, just getting in there just sit in there and wait for him.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, he owned a store.
Martin’s iPhone: In town called graphic effects and I looked around and nobody was there looked down in this case we're in the ignition.
Martin’s iPhone: And
Martin’s iPhone: The only reason. The only reason I didn't get grim death.
Martin’s iPhone: Was because in Ohio. If they leave the keys in the ignition, then it's considered joyriding so I got
Martin’s iPhone: Money here. Yeah, I had, I had 85 days a house arrest and 1600 dollars in restitution. Because when I gave it to my friend he read the cards.
Magalie Marcellus: Quinta damage. How are you, then
Magalie Marcellus: Oh 1766 and that age. I don't think about consequences just action.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, I don't
Martin’s iPhone: Know a lot more trouble. I ended up serving a year and two months in juvie
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, wow.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, I was a bad kid but
Magalie Marcellus: Well, your action or math.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah yeah
Magalie Marcellus: Right.
Martin’s iPhone: And I got money because of it. So,
Martin’s iPhone: I learned a little bit
Magalie Marcellus: Why, why are you doing
Martin’s iPhone: I'm me and my buddy decided to break into some event ball. Some cabins that we're not being used at the time, and we were looking around for babies, you know, just dumb kids. And we still a 22 rifle. From there, and my best.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah yeah exactly shot me in the new with it so
Magalie Marcellus: No fun. Oh, now somebody because you end the property.
Martin’s iPhone: Know we were he was getting out of the out of the truck and I was getting out on the other side and gun jammed underneath the seat on spring in it. When our
Magalie Marcellus: Wow. Lucky
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Very lucky. So, and then he had surgery or
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, when
Magalie Marcellus: They get
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, it was large between my tibia and my fifth year
Martin’s iPhone: And re break
Martin’s iPhone: Between that and the kneecap and
Martin’s iPhone: They want more for into it bounced four and a half inches or something like that. Inside say went in through the side of it. You know, like an intro to
Magalie Marcellus: The joy, so they're able to pull out
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, they didn't have any open everything the stack the camera in one side and then with
Martin’s iPhone: Tweezers
Wow.
Magalie Marcellus: You are extremely lucky. How are you guys find the one with those weapons.
Martin’s iPhone: Just being dumb kids, you know,
Martin’s iPhone: We thought it was the neatest thing in the world that we found this old rusty gun.
Martin’s iPhone: And it didn't have a clip in it. So we had to load the boats manually up through
Martin’s iPhone: The ether, whatever, and he left the boy was a 22 point you left it in it and he went to get going out from the other side of the truck while I was getting out on the other side. Luckily my knee was kind of in the air when I get shots and kick me back and spun me around three times.
Martin’s iPhone: I didn't know really where I can hit. When it first happened.
Martin’s iPhone: Because
Martin’s iPhone: It makes it a clean entrance of didn't exit and I got lucky because my knee was in the air, because it's all a point and
Martin’s iPhone: It didn't, it didn't Shannon
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah. Wow, you've
Martin’s iPhone: Traveled in my knee. That's
Martin’s iPhone: It's not need to do that.
Magalie Marcellus: Can you know so that didn't teach you a lesson to stop messing with
Martin’s iPhone: Well, we did for did for a long time, but I got back into drugs and
Martin’s iPhone: The other
Martin’s iPhone: Marijuana that's
Magalie Marcellus: What a lot of times people don't think it is. But sometimes we know it's bad and you want something stronger.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, if you have a tendency
Martin’s iPhone: To eat more than you should. Or to drink more than shooters any kind of, you know, tendency like that it can get
Martin’s iPhone: Expanded open more when you find, you know, you find something that you like.
Martin’s iPhone: And don't stop doing. And that's what I did. Up until four months ago.
Uh huh.
Magalie Marcellus: Fiction, it's, it's a chemical thing so you don't know you have an Antonio
Magalie Marcellus: And yeah, and it's time to quit. Yeah, it was like today, I
Martin’s iPhone: You know i know i'm not healed or anything. I was on the way with Michelle.
Martin’s iPhone: Coming back from Cambridge. I had to pick up my son's girl her son's grandma's boyfriend. He had dropped a writer rental truck off. And so I had to go right beside gamers town called bicycle.
Martin’s iPhone: And he was talking about drinking and doing coke and all this, you know, asking me about smokes and program and things and
Martin’s iPhone: I, I still, you know, some kind of like I'm in an order is I have to go put another coat on that sink and do some cleaning and stuff. And as men, you know, be kind of nice to drink a beer and you know I stopped myself because Michelle. She doesn't drink.
Martin’s iPhone: Anymore. She stopped.
Martin’s iPhone: She stopped for me. I've never had like a big problem with drinking
Martin’s iPhone: gotten drunk and I've had to do is I've had some problems with it.
Martin’s iPhone: But I never got into drinking like everybody else didn't you know I could go for weeks or months at a time and not do it but just the idea of having something that was going to make me feel different. I
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, I said, no, no. And I said,
Martin’s iPhone: But
Martin’s iPhone: I still know that that's something that could lead me to do another slip up or
Martin’s iPhone: Go back to smoking pot or something.
Martin’s iPhone: And that's tempting to, you know, as much as it's getting legalized in everything.
Martin’s iPhone: You know it's tempting, but I'm not spending money anymore. And that's the big thing. I don't have to worry about what I need to
Martin’s iPhone: Get a fix a car lead me to do another things if I get a drug test I can pass it now.
Magalie Marcellus: Huh, look.
Martin’s iPhone: silly, but I don't have to worry about if somebody says, Hey, your
Martin’s iPhone: You must be higher, you must. Yeah, I say, Hey, let's go down to the hospital right now take a blood test.
Magalie Marcellus: Mm hmm.
Martin’s iPhone: So, and I was thinking about that a little bit ago because I was watching cops and the guy was saying oh no I, you know, but you looked at his eyes, and you can tell he was on math.
Martin’s iPhone: And I can remember my dad in his his his girlfriend's mom was saying, no, we know he's hot. You know,
Magalie Marcellus: Neuchatel yeah
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, remember my dad always saying like I always tell them your high
Martin’s iPhone: Mm hmm.
Martin’s iPhone: So it just kind of makes me feel good to know that, like say somebody says, oh, he's high
Martin’s iPhone: Well, I'll pay for the drug test.
Let's go down.
Martin’s iPhone: Makes me feel good.
Magalie Marcellus: Because you know you have nothing to hide. Now, yeah. So that, that's some type of freedom.
Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: I feel a lot better known that that's not a crutch for me.
Martin’s iPhone: Drink coffee. I still smoke cigarettes.
Martin’s iPhone: Those crutches and
Martin’s iPhone: Or enabling you know me to stay up more longer coffee.
Magalie Marcellus: But like you said, you know, window Jenkin wasn't the big 10 for you but you know the Jenkin can be to other things. So, so that you recognize that. Okay, even a little bit. That's why I start with a little bit
Martin’s iPhone: Then another
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, Michelle. You know, I had feelings for her and I don't want to
Martin’s iPhone: It's not fair that I do that. And then she not be able to
Magalie Marcellus: I can talk about recovery. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: And I mean I missed the flavor of wine every once in a while I do like, you know, the flavor of a stork at a winery and I worked at the Elks Lodge and every once while after workout drink of cranberry bog or something.
Martin’s iPhone: But I don't miss it enough to where
Magalie Marcellus: I needed seeking to get it.
Martin’s iPhone: You know I'm grateful for that too. Because I know a lot of people that drink really hard and heavy a shake all day.
Martin’s iPhone: Can't
Martin’s iPhone: Wait to crack a beer open. I mean, yeah, there's some freedom that you lose when you you know kind of the American way. When you get off of work you like to relax and enjoy beer.
Magalie Marcellus: But when it turns into 60 to
Magalie Marcellus: Know, is this use something else that's, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: And then they know I'm
Magalie Marcellus: Having those other types of drinks that doesn't involve alcohol.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, yeah, you get a little ghouls are
Magalie Marcellus: Your favorite keep your beard.
Right.
Magalie Marcellus: Something so you don't appeal day okay you know you can't socialize, because everybody's drinking and drinking this issue, then, of course, Natalie around
Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, I mean, my parents were both up Alex and they're both for covered. I think my dad. So as I haven't talked to him about a year now.
Martin’s iPhone: Maybe a year and a half, and
Martin’s iPhone: You know, he never forgave me for telling them that I knew that his wife was cheating on them.
Magalie Marcellus: We
Martin’s iPhone: It's okay. I mean, hopefully he'll come around again. But he used to drink real heavy, you know, my mom Eastern grow heavy and
Martin’s iPhone: Whenever Michelle was drinking. She turned very, very mean and
Martin’s iPhone: Even though I was smoking, you know, and I was addicted to spice and everything.
Martin’s iPhone: I
Martin’s iPhone: I was trying to let it be, you know, okay, well, she's gonna let me smoke. I'll let her drink, but he got to a point where every time she picked up a drink. She got mad and called me every name in the book and
Martin’s iPhone: Just doesn't. I don't like the smell of the alcohol processing through your body and
Martin’s iPhone: You know your
Martin’s iPhone: puts off from the breath. I mean, I like to smell goin like flavor of wine. I don't like wine breath or knowing coming through your body
Martin’s iPhone: And tours.
Martin’s iPhone: And it just
Martin’s iPhone: threw me off, you know, and I told her, I said, what if you want me to quit smoking, which, you know, was kind of selfish, but if you want me to quit smoking weed and spice.
Martin’s iPhone: I don't want to drink, and we can be together. If you're drinking and she had a few slip ups and then she finally, you know, she was done with it. She's been done with it for over a year now and I was so
Magalie Marcellus: Those thing happened. Now how is your behavior when you're
Magalie Marcellus: Smoking the spice.
Magalie Marcellus: Girls, you notice something different about your the way you
Martin’s iPhone: would snap.
Martin’s iPhone: The little things. Yeah, I mean, I was very snap at the
Martin’s iPhone: very snappy. I guess sometimes. But most of all, I was just always seeking the high. That was the part she didn't like that, you know, can we get your exposure.
Martin’s iPhone: Gotta go do this. I gotta make this run and get to, you know,
Martin’s iPhone: spend this money on that or
Martin’s iPhone: The other part was me fall asleep. A lot. But the worst part was the seizures.
Martin’s iPhone: This ego, seizures, they are
Martin’s iPhone: Horrible for somebody else to watch, let alone for me to go through so
Magalie Marcellus: Uh huh.
Magalie Marcellus: And I carry
Martin’s iPhone: I was going to die.
Martin’s iPhone: Or at least half my functioning of my body or something.
Martin’s iPhone: stroke, heart attack death a war jail. I was working those
Martin’s iPhone: I can keep on $200 in my pocket at a time now, and I have to worry about.
Magalie Marcellus: Spin it in
Magalie Marcellus: The one thing. Wow, that's that's progress, I shall
Martin’s iPhone: Not homeless anymore. I'm done.
Martin’s iPhone: You know, I mean, it'll make a car payment take care of money animals and they come before the drugs, you know,
Family
Martin’s iPhone: Bills, they'll come first two
Martin’s iPhone: Monkeys. I don't like paying those they
Magalie Marcellus: Have you be responsible.
Martin’s iPhone: struggling a little bit with child support because I'm no no
Martin’s iPhone: Job.
Martin’s iPhone: At $60 last week. So, you know, I'm going to pay a little bit more. This week, try catch up.
Martin’s iPhone: I think I might have the two day job. I know on the 14th and 15th, I believe.
Martin’s iPhone: I'm working for Cambridge High School for the dance team.
Martin’s iPhone: Chicken all the max up and put them back in storage with them.
Oh,
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: As long as they go through their half of the
Uh huh.
Magalie Marcellus: So how did you get involved with that.
Martin’s iPhone: I'm actually was on Facebook, they were taking an application.
Magalie Marcellus: For people
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, well, yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Cuz I know you still looking eventually to get something long time
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, Todd man Arnold, they run a pawn shop in town they own a bunch of rentals and occasionally they'll have me do something for him but nothing's over the books yet so I mean I'm
Martin’s iPhone: Not employed yet.
Martin’s iPhone: In the spring, they said you have some full time employment.
Martin’s iPhone: I could start
Martin’s iPhone: subcontracting
Martin’s iPhone: A plan.
Martin’s iPhone: To me, why is that the car.
Martin’s iPhone: That's doing maintenance on they have ad at nine rentals. The 700 and something million
Oh,
Martin’s iPhone: And I just any problems, the tenants have by going to fix them or try to fix some, some of it's very annoying like a clogged drain or
Martin’s iPhone: A leak. Nobody else can find or, you know, but a lot of it's just little stuff.
Martin’s iPhone: Will repair to the threshold in a door or putting in a kitchen sink or something and then it gets more interesting when I have to do a roof repair or society repair decking for me.
Magalie Marcellus: And those cases you work with other people.
Martin’s iPhone: Pretty much work by myself on it if I need help. I get one to one other guy to help, but I pretty much theme and they give me the company, man. I just go do the work and
Martin’s iPhone: Come back. I have a count over at the hardware store with three or four different people in town and anytime I do repair for them. They say, just use my account. Was it
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: Or if I have to go to Lowes or something. I get the money for them from them.
Magalie Marcellus: So you can purchase whatever item so Dora job.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, and I'm a lot of its you know earning back my trust and everything with people, but there's some
Martin’s iPhone: That I never lost because I respect their
Magalie Marcellus: Climate and you did good job. So, so, yeah, I'll come back to
Martin’s iPhone: You if their job done as far as leaky roof.
Martin’s iPhone: Fixing that everything's still good suck.
Must be good. And they say,
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, they
Magalie Marcellus: Call me and I'm hoping that's a good trait to have because a lot of people and know you always need something to be done in a house so
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: I was one years old. But I can still climb a ladder like 20 year old so
Martin’s iPhone: I might not carry two bundles shingles all day but you know I can keep up with the rest of it.
Uh huh.
Magalie Marcellus: And it sounds like something that you like doing us always
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: I'm weird. In that sense that I like roofing
Magalie Marcellus: Climbing
Oh, yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, I respect the heights. But I'm always on the edge of my life.
And
Martin’s iPhone: Twice my entire life. So
Magalie Marcellus: We only, why not
Martin’s iPhone: Be scary. The way the art set up sometimes I
Martin’s iPhone: Go right. What is a
Magalie Marcellus: Baseline reason quiet safety.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, well, it only hurts when you hit the ground so
Magalie Marcellus: The way I look at it.
Martin’s iPhone: hit the ground to
Martin’s iPhone: Ground
Magalie Marcellus: Again, whatever you need to do to keep yourself safe.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, I'm starting to get a little bit more
Martin’s iPhone: A little wiser in my old age.
Martin’s iPhone: I you
Martin’s iPhone: Know my limits, a little bit more sometimes to set the scaffolding up
Martin’s iPhone: On places where I used to not you know
Martin’s iPhone: I'm a lot more wary about other people working around me if I have somebody up there. I'm constantly telling them how to do it the right way.
Magalie Marcellus: Make sure that they don't have
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, and you know, of course, they shouldn't hurt us off a lot of the time, I don't. Most, most of the time. I don't have own Warner apartments twice, and I've been doing this since I was 19 but I do set up the staging
Martin’s iPhone: And I've had some slips and I've had some false
Martin’s iPhone: Nothing serious enough to put me in the hospital. We get a couple of them.
Martin’s iPhone: I got an injured but just been lucky the grace of God, not
Martin’s iPhone: Well,
Martin’s iPhone: Is nobody here with me.
Magalie Marcellus: SPC window that way to call it the cod actually pan. That's one of the house.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, it's a 2006 Chevy AJ jar.
Martin’s iPhone: It's
Magalie Marcellus: Still
Martin’s iPhone: Have a lot of
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, I gotta put the tie rods on it. I'm just buying a little bit at a time. I put new tires on it last week and the week before I bought a set of US tires and then a set of new slash use tires. They were put on
Martin’s iPhone: There have all their tread, but they were war for a little bit on another vehicle, but I got a discount on $50 apiece. So lockdown. And the other tires. I got for 60 for the pair and do the job for now until I get the money to get a really nice set but
Martin’s iPhone: There's still a lot of work to do on the car. It's 144,000 miles on it now and it's starting to show you know like I put new shocks on the back.
Martin’s iPhone: New brakes and rotors on the front.
Martin’s iPhone: New Law joint new ambitions.
Magalie Marcellus: Is a Java boy. Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: She's gonna work but
Martin’s iPhone: It needs to transmission mount up front.
Martin’s iPhone: And I got the Tyrone ends. I just haven't put them on yet.
Martin’s iPhone: I ordered the entire road ends there.
Martin’s iPhone: A little bit more expensive. So I'm just doing a little bit of time, then it needs strips in the front close springs in the back.
Martin’s iPhone: I'm gonna have to get new strips for the guesting some time because they're getting pretty rusty. I want to run new brake lines. I'm going to have this car for a couple years. And so you
Magalie Marcellus: Don't have caught and the house maintenance.
Martin’s iPhone: Well, I have to do the car stuff. I don't
Martin’s iPhone: Like it i mean
Martin’s iPhone: I like being a lake taking things apart, but I don't like
Magalie Marcellus: But, but in play together. Okay. Okay. But, but, you know, a lot of Bath cries so
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, yeah. I've been fortunate enough to be able to get through it and what i don't know i a YouTube or I asked people, so
Martin’s iPhone: After the fire last saw my tools so
Martin’s iPhone: Now, I finally got the garage kind of sort of flow again not fold, but enough to where I can you know
Martin’s iPhone: Start to get things done again and
Martin’s iPhone: Getting
Magalie Marcellus: Some tools together.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, got a table saw in the back your now two of them actually and
Martin’s iPhone: Jack and a bunch of the tools are in the car and then all kinds of stuff on the shelves again play would. So, I mean,
Martin’s iPhone: Sometimes not alive. BUT IT'S A START.
Martin’s iPhone: To get it going again.
Magalie Marcellus: And I do you do any
Magalie Marcellus: Any color pairs. Why do people I just wait so
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, no, I tried to just do it for myself.
Martin’s iPhone: If it's something that needs to be done and I don't have any work to do that, I'll do it.
Martin’s iPhone: I can't try to keep down the brake lines and break some
Martin’s iPhone: Small things like tie rods and ball joints.
Martin’s iPhone: No major motor work.
Martin’s iPhone: I could do some of it like I can
Martin’s iPhone: Probably replace the head on the car and you know I can do tune ups and change older meters. I just don't like going through all that, you know, and
Martin’s iPhone: I can't wait. So
Martin’s iPhone: Maybe it's worth where I can take it to something
Martin’s iPhone: I have a warning saying on the cars.
Martin’s iPhone: When I take it in the keep it for three or four days. I can't do that.
Magalie Marcellus: They laugh accent so
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, once we get the truck. Then I'll take it in. And anything that I need done on it.
Martin’s iPhone: Or put it on.
Magalie Marcellus: Right. Right. Okay. Still, still have another class and get around.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, and I think the car company really tries to keep the car broken not fixed. If you know they can't wait.
Magalie Marcellus: When you say that
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, they, they want it.
Martin’s iPhone: They don't want it back. They want to make sure I didn't get the money me getting repossessed.
Magalie Marcellus: Keep working with it.
Magalie Marcellus: And, you know, they'll sell it again.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh yeah, somebody
Martin’s iPhone: They'll either sewed or option it, but I'll still get that bill for, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: Full well yeah because you have to still continue paying on it. Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: I signed my life away when they sign this card for a three year contract.
Martin’s iPhone: Pain down to 8000 right now and it's not worth it will never be worth that
Martin’s iPhone: That's why I'm trying to, you know, Paris. Oh.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, Tokyo to share
Magalie Marcellus: And show you paste on my head so
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, I want to hit 300,000 Miles go in and then you
Martin’s iPhone: Can get this one chicken.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: I got it at 120 2000 miles so but 20,000 miles.
Magalie Marcellus: Now is it I thought like a year.
Was that
Magalie Marcellus: Was it the within a year or less.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, but about a year now.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, I think it's been about a year.
Martin’s iPhone: I think in another month, it'll be about a year.
Martin’s iPhone: So, I mean, I'm paying 10 10,000 or so for it within dress. Everything's about 10,000
Martin’s iPhone: Too much one but i mean it's it's MSRP is probably like
Martin’s iPhone: 2500 or something right now. It's not very healthy. But if I
Magalie Marcellus: Need a
Magalie Marcellus: Station way, especially if you can do some of those work. So why pain. Yeah, someone that's always beneficial.
If
Magalie Marcellus: Anything else you've been used and go once a week. Correct.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, that change.
Martin’s iPhone: Nope, I'm still once we
Martin’s iPhone: Even if I can go every other week. I'm just going every week. It's just makes it easier for me to remember
Martin’s iPhone: I got a schedule now.
Martin’s iPhone: I tried doing the phone scheduling things. So then I just start writing everything down.
Magalie Marcellus: I know you're saying to keep a manual schedule.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, I got that right. I have a schedule for a year or two, but
Martin’s iPhone: Like two books now that I use for that, but I actually have wall schedule. Now, which
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Let me say you say you have a wall calendar so
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, the wall calendar. It's a racer board I bought that
Martin’s iPhone: And then
Magalie Marcellus: keep you on track.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, I always have my you know group eight o'clock group thing Rick wrote out in my, in my paper here, but I actually didn't use it this time I use the wall ones.
Uh huh.
Martin’s iPhone: Any, any work I do. I keep talking with people on
Magalie Marcellus: So, you know, when things are scheduled and what kind of job you did, yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: And I've been trying to figure out what I'm going to do with my spare time.
Martin’s iPhone: Between the camper. And I started like trying to figure out, like inventions and things that make things easier for people that don't have electricity or don't want electricity or have no access on your property.
Martin’s iPhone: Design in a garage door opener that
Is
Magalie Marcellus: Non legacy solar kind of thing.
Martin’s iPhone: Actually can be driven by pneumatic shocks you ride up on
Martin’s iPhone: Four minutes pushes down and then I'll close your
Martin’s iPhone: System.
Magalie Marcellus: I go see on Shocked, shocked at some point.
Magalie Marcellus: I don't know, maybe
Martin’s iPhone: He got it on paper.
Martin’s iPhone: I just
Martin’s iPhone: Actually, I think I have that notebook in the car. But yeah, it looks really good.
Martin’s iPhone: Now I just have to put together a working prototype.
Magalie Marcellus: And then I haven't tested and tested and all that.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, they have like an automatic gate opener for for
Martin’s iPhone: Gates and things like that that you can, you know, you go over a platform and it works. This one.
Martin’s iPhone: will work with any size vehicle any size door so I mean even up to the size of a semi could get in
Martin’s iPhone: And it's all done without electricity, and it's going to, it's got to be reliable. It's got to be safe. It's got to be cost effective.
Magalie Marcellus: When I'm
Martin’s iPhone: Bored to be able to put together separate
Magalie Marcellus: Why, why do that.
Magalie Marcellus: Why I gave you that I did. Oh.
Martin’s iPhone: I was just thinking about it when we had to fire. I was worried. Yeah, the fire might have been caused by the electricity on the
Martin’s iPhone: On my little motor on the
Magalie Marcellus: Garage, guys. Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: Oh boy, you know,
Martin’s iPhone: Man, you know, if I was a way to put it. I didn't want to get. We've got a garage door out there, but I don't want to electric motor because you always make funny noises
Martin’s iPhone: I just feel like, you know, there's an easier way to do, there's a way to do this without that. So I started thinking, right, one down one night and
Martin’s iPhone: Just kept going with it. So it's just one idea, but maybe. Oh, maybe I'll be able to patent, if anything, I'll have one working garage door opener for me.
Magalie Marcellus: At least for you to start
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, but you know there's a lot of it.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, like there's a lot of places that they put their property together. And one of the first things, they'll do is the book The framework. Make sure the roof is on
Martin’s iPhone: And everything and they might not have electric they might not have plumbing. Yeah. And, but they want to store their equipment in their tools in the building.
Martin’s iPhone: And especially if they're in there if they're
Martin’s iPhone: Older or if there's just no access to electricity there or
Martin’s iPhone: If they don't want that.
Magalie Marcellus: Uh huh.
Martin’s iPhone: This would be a way to safely be able to do it without somebody just riding up on platform and getting in app taboo and unlock mess mechanism, it's, it's going to be more than just
Martin’s iPhone: Just, you know, you write up on it and opens. It's got to have a little system for safety, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: I can unlock and all that. Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: So I'm still working on that part. But once I build a prototype and start that
Martin’s iPhone: Then I can read everything else.
Martin’s iPhone: And thankfully I could get like something battery operated like a Bluetooth wireless system.
Martin’s iPhone: That's solar powered, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: Uh huh.
Martin’s iPhone: I'm trying to keep the electricity out of the house. So if anything happens, then it doesn't have a
Magalie Marcellus: Lot of you have other options right
Magalie Marcellus: Because, like, like, like I said, when there's, um, even though sometimes on them, you override. But then the system. There's no way to lock it unless you're going to use some kind of key because once there's no electricity, then the mode. I wouldn't worry. Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, exactly. Yeah. And this way I get I thought about doing like a keypad system. Now you have to type in six six different keys that will
Martin’s iPhone: Or combination lock system that will finally unlock unlock a door that you can open from your car door and then switches switch that will allow that pressure to come down things is
Martin’s iPhone: It's going to be
Martin’s iPhone: Complex there, but I've
Magalie Marcellus: Been thinking about it. So,
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, that's something that occupy your free time.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, I have to get like 16 shocks and
Martin’s iPhone: hydraulic system setup and, you know, like a lot of little things that
Magalie Marcellus: Will make
Martin’s iPhone: Work and still be able to be safe and reliable when the cold weather in the hot weather.
Magalie Marcellus: App some
Martin’s iPhone: Kids can't get into it. There's no way to malfunction. If they spend that
Martin’s iPhone: Much time trying to get into it, then they're going to get into the house. Either way, so
Magalie Marcellus: Regardless, right now, finally, yeah. But at least you know like you say, what's important is being safe and reliable.
Yes.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, this way, you're probably last
Martin’s iPhone: You know 510 years without any maintenance. If I knew
Martin’s iPhone: That's the big selling point
Martin’s iPhone: If I get enough for right now, I just wanted to
Martin’s iPhone: Work for me. And I thought, well,
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Absolutely, yeah. Yeah. And you guys use a call on that, Ohio. It's everything is it besides electricity you use gas as well core
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, yeah, we use natural gas, there's
Magalie Marcellus: A and
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah I run. I mean, this House runs on natural gas, but we have electric to for
Martin’s iPhone: You like the hot water heaters electric we don't run everything on on gas. The gas prices fluctuate so much around here. So,
Martin’s iPhone: And this property doesn't have the natural gas line for free, like growing up on my grandma's farm. We had an unlimited supply of gas and we never really had to worry about. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Really
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, the world came, can the oil tanks. Always have natural get well. Not always, but most of the time they have natural gas line and the gas companies whenever they bid years ago.
Martin’s iPhone: You always got free gas for your property as long as you give them the rest and
Magalie Marcellus: When you add
Martin’s iPhone: Cheese and stuff from it but
Martin’s iPhone: Oh, everything changed. The last last 20 years because now where everybody's fracking and everybody's trying to get the gas and it's pretty much now everybody's tapped in so
Martin’s iPhone: They don't offer the same amounts. Some places offered more some offer less some did contracts that kind of wizard weaseled you added things, you know, and
Martin’s iPhone: I know one one farm.
Martin’s iPhone: In Kimball that the guy got like pretty much $5 million worth of royalties from the sky, sky.
Martin’s iPhone: And so
Martin’s iPhone: A chain company. Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: I mean it's big business. He's got three or four wives out there. If there's big, big supply and meet you, you get a lot of money, they buy you right up. But they get those mineral rights from that point on.
Martin’s iPhone: And, you know,
Martin’s iPhone: Your property value. If you don't own the property value does not go up anymore. You know, I mean, pretty much, you know, if you don't have mineral rights is it's take 10 grand per acre off, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: Because you can't you can only
Martin’s iPhone: Have so much you know if if they own the rights to the minerals
Martin’s iPhone: The only thing that's good for is either farmland, or for building and now there's, you know, with the zoning laws and things like that, you're going to do so much voting so
Martin’s iPhone: You know by you might never get anywhere from 2000 to $12,000 an acre maybe more different places. But, you know, if you don't have the mineral rights drops way down like to around 2000 an acre.
Magalie Marcellus: Plot out those friends.
Martin’s iPhone: They should buy like 60 acres or something at a time and maybe stepping
Magalie Marcellus: Out loud to know that.
Martin’s iPhone: Yes, now
Martin’s iPhone: I'm not speaking from experience in speaking from what other people
Magalie Marcellus: Are wanting now to hide.
Magalie Marcellus: And I know all is a
Magalie Marcellus: Big business and also
Magalie Marcellus: Yes.
Martin’s iPhone: I mean it has to be able to keep us warm saw
Magalie Marcellus: You're gonna have to use those.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, they don't really use coal much around here anymore.
Martin’s iPhone: Some places they use cold but
Martin’s iPhone: Pretty much natural gas or
Martin’s iPhone: fireplaces or electric
Magalie Marcellus: Any, any plan the next comment, two weeks, but
Magalie Marcellus: We need to address.
Magalie Marcellus: On my calendar.
Martin’s iPhone: Um, no, it's good to see if maybe we could
Martin’s iPhone: Do it like an hour earlier, maybe even two hours earlier for now.
Magalie Marcellus: I'm
Martin’s iPhone: Sorry.
Martin’s iPhone: I'm going to claim we still there.
Martin’s iPhone: Okay.
Martin’s iPhone: The show's
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so you want me then eight o'clock.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, like like seven or eight
Martin’s iPhone: Or so that's
Magalie Marcellus: Okay. Oh, I have to take a look at my account. Again, let's see where I can be know
Martin’s iPhone: If you have to do it.
Magalie Marcellus: But I have. Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: Okay, if you have
Martin’s iPhone: Any I'm not gonna yeah
Martin’s iPhone: I just have been a little earlier in. Oh.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, I know.
Magalie Marcellus: For me, yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: So this needs to get there.
Magalie Marcellus: But yeah, I'll have to take a look at my calendar and see and see if I have a seven open, they can picture in
Magalie Marcellus: A color resume, because you have government chooses. So yeah, you know. So yeah, I'll probably have to see because I'm I had somebody at seven and things change frequently so if
Magalie Marcellus: If you
Magalie Marcellus: Can do would if there's there's an optional Debbie okay for you if
Magalie Marcellus: You're seven
Martin’s iPhone: Me.
Martin’s iPhone: For a while just
Martin’s iPhone: Be ready
Martin’s iPhone: You know, I mean, I'm not gonna complain too much. I just
Martin’s iPhone: drank it, about an hour earlier would be
Martin’s iPhone: Better time is by nine o'clock. I'm trying to
Martin’s iPhone: kind of settle down. Yeah, and also at nine o'clock you sometimes have to pick brace up from school.
Martin’s iPhone: Basketball around nine o'clock so
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: All right then. So I'll keep that in mind. So I'll send you once I take a look at my calendar and I'll send you a time but it'd be for
Magalie Marcellus: Two weeks from now. Okay.
Martin’s iPhone: All right.
Magalie Marcellus: Thank you, sir. I was
Magalie Marcellus: Glad, everything is working out and just keep up with the good work. Okay.
Martin’s iPhone: Thank you. You have a
Magalie Marcellus: Good night.
Magalie Marcellus: You to take a
Great.